PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# PR Details

<!--- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

## Description

<!--- Describe your changes in detail. Do not repeat the Issue description. -->

## Related Issue

<!--- This project only accepts pull requests related to open issues -->
<!--- If suggesting a new feature or change, please discuss it in an issue first -->
<!--- If fixing a bug, there should be an issue describing it with steps to reproduce -->
<!--- Please link to the issue here: -->

## Motivation and Context

<!--- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->

## How Has This Been Tested

<!--- Please describe in detail how you tested your changes. -->
<!--- Include details of your testing environment, and the tests you ran to -->
<!--- see how your change affects other areas of the code, etc. -->

## Types of changes

<!--- What types of changes does your code introduce? Put an `x` in all the boxes that apply: -->

- [ ] Docs change / refactoring / dependency upgrade
- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to change)

## Checklist

<!--- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes that apply. -->
<!--- If you're unsure about any of these, don't hesitate to ask. We're here to help! -->

- [ ] I have read the **CONTRIBUTING** document
- [ ] My code follows the code style of this project
- [ ] My change requires a change to the documentation 
- [ ] I have updated the documentation accordingly (README.md for each UI component)
- [ ] I have added tests to cover my changes (at least 1 spec for each UI component with the same coverage as the master branch)
- [ ] All new and existing tests passed
- [ ] A new branch needs to be created from master to evolve previous versions
- [ ] Increase version in package.json following [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/)
- [ ] All UI components must be added into the showcase (at least 1 component with the default settings)
- [ ] Add the issue into the right [project](https://github.com/systelab/java-report-generator/projects) with the proper status (In progress)

Commit message:

Update documentation - README.md - PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md Create documentation - ATTRIBUTION.md - CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md - CODING_GUIDELINES.md - CONTRIBUTING.md - GOVERNANCE.md

PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# PR Details

<!--- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

## Description

Please include a general summary of the change. 

## Related Issue

<!--- This project only accepts pull requests related to open issues -->
<!--- If suggesting a new feature or change, please discuss it in an issue first -->
<!--- If fixing a bug, there should be an issue describing it with steps to reproduce -->
<!--- Please link to the issue here: -->

Please include which issue is fixed 

## Motivation and Context

<!--- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->

Please include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

## How Has This Been Tested

<!--- Please describe in detail how you tested your changes. -->
<!--- Include details of your testing environment, and the tests you ran to -->
<!--- see how your change affects other areas of the code, etc. -->

Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Please also note any relevant details for your test configuration.

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B


## Types of changes

<!--- What types of changes does your code introduce? Put an `x` in all the boxes that apply: -->

- [ ] Docs change / refactoring / dependency upgrade
- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] New release version 
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to change)

## Checklist

<!--- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes that apply. -->
<!--- If you're unsure about any of these, don't hesitate to ask. We're here to help! -->

- [ ] I have read the **CONTRIBUTING** document
- [ ] My code follows the code style of this project
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] There are **unit tests** for new/changed code (or a good explanation why this was not possible) and all of them passed.
- [ ] I have added tests to cover my changes (in REST API, at least 1 test for each endpoint with the same coverage as the master branch)
- [ ] All **CI builders** and all the agreedto solve **SONAR Qube issues** have indicated success (Give them the needed time to notice the pull request.)
- [ ] The **Pull request title** has the type of change ended with a slash (bugfix/feature/...), JIRA issue numbers separated by spaces (if any), a space, and then a short, but descriptive summary.
- [ ] **Commit messages** are well formed: [A note about Git commit messages](http://www.tpope.net/node/106)
- [ ] New public packages, classes, and methods are **documented**. (Strongly consider documenting private classes and methods.)
- [ ] A new branch needs to be created from master to evolve previous versions
- [ ] Increase version in pom.xml following [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/)
- [ ] Add the issue into the right [project](https://github.com/systelab/java-report-generator/projects) with the proper status (In progress)
